what's your first thoughts when you see
an unregistered number calling you a
scam
wrong number someone trying to sell you
something you don't need well what if
that person was just trying to hang out
typically people don't really trust
strangers and if you turn on the news at
100 percent sounds like you shouldn't
but throughout our experiences so far if
there's one thing we've learned it's
that there's a lot more good people in
the world than there are bad ones so to
meet another stranger in possibly the
most unconventional way we've come up
with so far we thought it'd be a good
idea to type random numbers into our
phone and try to convince someone to let
us fly to where they live and spend the
day with them there is a total of 10
billion possible phone combinations for
us numbers and obviously most of those
aren't even used so let's see who we
land on
I think 99% before I got hang up I think
even just talking to the person will be
a huge achievement okay it's a boogie
press the first number yeah try it looks
like a legit number so what's my pitch
just call and see what comes out of your
mouth there's no structure yeah this is
what I think is gonna be the challenge
on its own is just finding a number that
works yeah I'm gonna type the whole
thing I leave just finding your number
is hard but I didn't think it would be
this thing
[Music]
hello my name is Tom my name is Tom my
name is Thomas doing this challenge
where I'm typing a random phone number
as a way to meet a strange so I don't
know who you are and love you to call me
back you're interested in becoming
friends with a stranger if not just
ignore this message Heather it's a very
very random question I had to dial a
random number and whoever picks up on
the other end I should try and meet them
in person but I was wondering if I
intend to be interested in in meeting
hello my name is Thomas it's probably
gonna be the strangest thing you'll ever
hear in your message box but I'm doing
this challenge where I'm trying to meet
strangers and right now I'm just typing
random numbers into my phone trying to
figure out if that person wants to hang
out and become friends I'm near a park
so there's got a baby scruffy in the
background there's no way she's gonna
respond but if you're interested in
hanging out with a stranger just call me
back on this number thank you very much
torturing babies in the background -
it's not a part-time gig how do you say
this in English what did I say message
box message box and there's kids hi my
name is Thomas I'm doing this kind of
like unusual challenge where I'm just
typing it right now what is it no maybe
the message box girl won't respond okay
so I just got a text from one of the
numbers yesterday and she seems that
pretty excited hey Thomas three
exclamation mark I'm not sure about
hanging out right off the bat but
definitely uncommitted
although is this the person I said the
message box to box person like actively
texting this 38 year old woman in
Sacramento I love this idea I think we
have lost touch with humanity and
meeting people the only cure hello how
are you I left a message right on your
voicemail
did I say message box instead of
voicemail wait so why did you respond
[Music]
yeah it's true it's true good we wanted
to come out and like on Saturday like
this Saturday yeah sounds good but so
far I think she's saying she's trying to
convince her fiance but what do you say
to your husband hey so these two random
dudes from Los Angeles called and they
want to come hang out no hi okay and
what did they say we're approved that's
perfect I'm sure that'll just make it
more fun that sounds absolutely
incredible I'm into the circum since I
was a kid see you soon bye yeah alright
so we are on our way to the airport to
go to Sacramento
so she said she's down to have dinner
with us tonight she said I won't bring
the kids it's date night and we have
feel out the stranger in danger a bowl
[Music]
all right we arrived in Sacramento if I
were to tell my mom I type the random
number blue and I'm gonna meet the city
I've never been to before
brownie points this is the moment of
truth from a phone call sitting in a
park and just typing random numbers and
calling I have no idea of course you
would call it the worst like if there's
any of the calls that we've done so far
that won't answer it'll be this they're
so cool yeah I found myself laughing so
hard this is the part where I have to
say see you tomorrow I say that see you
tomorrow for a day full of random
activities with these strangers that we
just met we have no plan we're hanging
out with this family that we've never
met before in the city we don't know so
it's like anything can happen I can't
believe they're letting us into their
lives like this
[Music]
[Applause]
my kids we've gone a crazy road trip
across the country we go to Vegas no to
Vegas here to go to Vegas with the kids
and we'll see you back tonight and I
shoulda gamble a little bit you know
party we are making because every week
Hannah goes up makes the Sanders's and
goes out feeds the homeless in downtown
she makes you everyday oh yeah everyday
and they're ignored and when I have
it's like shocking there used to be
invisible it seems like for everyone
around you not even just the people
you're related to you just kind of take
care of everybody I try trying yeah just
that you guys do it made it even that
much more excited because you guys are
really positive it you doing stuff and
step out of your comfort zone I'm
talking to a homeless person is out of
your comfort zone just do it I mean just
do it positive it might not be that
comfortable there you go so you do this
every morning
yeah I don't save any in the morning I
take my little lunch bag absolutely
thank you
thank you good night should I cry so we
could not find any more homeless people
we saw four in total we'll just leave
the rest of the sandwiches with you for
next time you go downtown yes I might
work now time for the haunted house I
guess it's supposedly one of the
scariest ones around
get me that scared oh I am do you have
no idea no no as soon as the chainsaw
comes out oh yeah what changed I mean
I've had some training I do watch The
Walking Dead I could handle this I could
always favor
[Music]
you have to meet you miss all the
strangers ever met took a chance and we
met in a parking lot and we say goodbye
in a day
thank you guys for having us because
feel free to hit us up anytime - the
more we do this the more we keep proving
to ourselves how many kind amazing
people who are like this was just a
random number that we call and ended up
being somebody that bags food for the
homeless every day it was such an
eye-opening experience of kindness you
watch the news and you feel like the
world is burning then you meet people
like that that you was just pure random
you know you picked someone out of the
lot and ended up being just incredibly
kind and generous thank you guys so much
for watching these travel episodes
always so fun to make so we'd like to
thank our sponsor honey for helping us
make this one happen honey is a free
shopping tool that automatically
searches the internet for the best promo
codes every time you buy something
online
it works on over 30,000 sites and can
help you literally save hundreds in
seconds since our previous Honey shout
out the SD FM has saved over a hundred
forty five thousand dollars an average
of twenty eight point zero five person
we've downloaded it only takes two
clicks to install just go to join honey
calm / yes theory and click download
I've used it for websites like Lululemon
and booking.com and have managed to save
over $150 so far so if you want to get
the same savings that over 5,000 other
members of the sfm have gotten click the
link in the description below again it's
totally free so go to join honey calm /
theory to add honey to your browser
today thank you guys for watching we'll
see you next week
[Music]